# Generative-Adversarial-Network-for-Fashion-MNIST <br />
Implementing a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) for Fashion MNIST with Different Optimizers: 

# Abstract:
This project is an approach to effectively design an algorithm for both the generator and discriminator for fashion-MNIST data samples. The goal of this discriminator is that when an instance from the true MNIST dataset is shown, it should be able to recognize those as authentic. Meanwhile, the generator is creating new images that it passes to the discriminator. It does so in the hopes that they, too, will be deemed authentic, even though they are fake. The discriminator however should be able to identify images coming from generator as fake. When the discriminator is trained, the generator values are held constant; and when the generator is trained, the discriminator is held constant. Each should train against a static adversary. Hence, this essentially works as a double feedback loop and supervised learning process.

# Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN):
A generative adversarial network (GAN) is a class of machine learning systems. Two neural networks contest with each other in a zero-sum game framework. This process leverages its techniques from multiple disciplines like machine learning, deep learning, pattern recognition and others. It essentially has two parts, namely: the generator, that generates images and the discriminator, that classifies real and fake images. 

# Dataset Used & Technical Specification:
Fashion-MNIST (https://www.kaggle.com/zalando-research/fashionmnist#fashion-mnist_train.csv) is a dataset consisting of a training set of 60,000 examples and a test set of 10,000 examples. The present study uses GAN to analyze fashion-MNIST data to train the generator in such a way that it can create realistic images by a continuous process of learning. 
This project model uses Python for the main code and it is implemented on Windows OS platform. I am using libraries like PyTorch, TensorFlow, Numpy, Pandas and Matplotlib for this code.

# Pre-requisites:<br />
Python 3.7.0  <br />
<br />
PyTorch <br />   
TensorFlow <br />   
Numpy <br />   
Pandas <br />

# Applications of GAN:
GANs’ potential is huge, because they can learn to mimic any distribution of data. That is, GANs can be taught to create worlds eerily like our own in any domain: images, music, speech, prose. They are robot artists in a sense, and their output is impressive. This GAN method has a huge range of profitable applications, like artificial intelligence, neurocomputing and much more.

# Tentative Plan:
My plan is to built a generator that can accept latent samples (fashion-MNIST) and generate images, and a discriminator that can successfully classify between real and fake images by using supervised learning. The discriminator will be trained using both the MNIST images and the images generated by the generator. 
